Document the order of array items (#2145)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Guild.md

## List Guild Members % GET /guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/members

> Returns a list of [guild member](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-member-object) objects that are members of the guild, sorted by snowflake in ascending order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of [guild member](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-member-object) objects that are members of the guild, sorted by their ids in ascending order.
```
